If you have just happened on this website, or you’re a loyal visitor, we wanted to breakdown how this site is designed. The short and skinny is that this site is designed to save your life. We know that’s a bold claim, but it’s a scientific fact that the more you read our articles, and open your mind to their Truth, the more everything in the world that was chaotic and unpredictable will immediately come into focus and seem like a well oiled plan.
The sad news is that the world population is under attack. A small group of people that we refer to as the elite are right now several decades into their plan to poison the world, destroy our freedoms, our health, and thus continue their strangle hold on us. This website is the single best place to arm yourself with how and why they do what they do.
We are not right, we are not left, we are not tea party, we are not libertarians. We fight for the human race, and believe that the United States Constitution in its original form was the best approximation of how to ensure freedoms within a nation. If you read something that makes you feel like we’re loyal one way over another, please understand this is your internal indoctrination fighting to end the debate prior to discovering the culprit.
Even though we use a blog WordPress layout, and even though we have topical articles throughout the month, all of our content is designed as a reference of freedom. Every article has a single goal, and that is to alert the public of what we call a “Pattern Of Deception.” This would be a formula that is designed to trick the public into a way of thinking that robs them of their liberties.
Many people believe that greed and incompetency is at the heart of all that is wrong. We think that once you focus on how your freedoms are being systematically destroyed, you will soon discover the patterns we write about so much. The elite of the world are gaining ground on repressing societies using technology and financial systems that are con games at their core. We as a people can defeat these patterns as long as we recognize them.
We ask that in the name of freedom you promote our website however you can. On your Facebook pages, Twitter accounts, or anonymous posts in any public forum. You’ll notice we do not have a personality you have to worry about. No one is yelling through a bullhorn. No ads. We aren’t interviewing UFO abductees. We aren’t predicting martial law or a police state. We aren’t selling hopelessness and despair. We have created OnePageNews.com to provide a place where normal people can refer their friends without being associated with the embarrassing content that tends to follow.
We simply work every single day to distill down the misdirections and manipulations on society. We want your family healthy and free. If there ever was a time in history for you to ask what you can do for your country, it is now. Regardless of where you live, you need this information to help expose the elite and their agendas. They will fall in a single day once the consciousness of the world overflows with knowledge.
